new shoes new shoes it was good it's def
shaanak WWF tryna calm must left W up
valuable w about WWF Transcom there you
go I got a new shoe air makes 24/7 glass
blues check them out they come out on
October 27th of the 20 snakes I know
it's like the last Saturday in a month
but yeah I got them early so this is
what I'm delivering to you cuz we do
previews right when I get new shit and
get them really shown to you so you can
make a decision if you want to get them
or not right right all right got the
glass blue air 360 air max unit goes
around the whole soul got the air Nike
Plus chip in the bun so you can link to
your iPods and your iPod touches and
your high phones and whatnot it has the
glass blue swoosh that sits on top of
the mesh it has the gray gradient from
Air Max 95 it does have 3m strips on the
eyelets um has the mesh all-around shoe
does have 3m on the tongue it has a
special insert itself on the bottom
right there you could see it it says
neighbor and force and has a basketball
I have no fucking clue white also says
hood um I don't know why I has a
basketball - running shoe but yeah I'm a
really nice feature about this shoe
which I haven't really seen before if
you can see this glass blue strip right
here it's actually a hologram so when
you move moving around you'll see um
glass blue and you'll see grain in which
I guess are supposed to be kind of like
water or glass what I don't know what
the fuck but she looks really tight it
runs around the whole shoe and it's on
the back of the heel also you can check
it out there know if you can see it but
yeah it's like a fucking hologram it's
fucking sick yeah that's it all you got
to go old school and then you want to
bring it back my - I have to match it
fit isn't shit check it out son babe
look here we go anyway I'm not done not
done I'm not done
babe you know about that bringing it
back yo deaf chronic yeah oh yeah oh
yeah oh yeah oh yeah
alright yo I'm about to show you on the
feet next oh yeah sneakers on the feet
aren't ya check it out that china calm
I'll show you them on feet one shoe is
tied one shoe is it
see you can you see him can you see you
can you see him get you see back is
looking yeah yeah deaf child calm keep
on my sight peep out my home my blog is
pretty tight WWF Qiong calm follow me on
Twitter I'm giving you a lot of fresh
information new shit that's coming out
release dates let you know what shit is
out early and then why see of course
because that's why I live and you get
the heads up when I get the heads up so
follow me on Twitter and yeah Def Con
calm def shrine tumblr calm and yeah
yeah that's it face be easy shit oh yeah
son i'ma let y'all salons know I was the
first sneaker dude doing new tools for
Animax 24/7 I just want to put that out
there not there's anything important but
I was the first nigga honey shit see so
yeah do it do it
yeah that's Michael Jackson playing oh
fuck so Michael Jackson is that dude
this is the man that created thrill oh
alright
respect peace